Today, we're going to give the most
popular AI agent in the world, OpenClaw,
the power to use Blender. I don't know
how to code, and I also don't know how
to use Blender. Because OpenClaw allows
you to just add skills to the agent just
by chatting with it, I believe, today
using OpenClaw. We're going to get it to
use Blender and we're going to create a
3D model. We're going to put that 3D
model in a really cool landing page and
we're going to put it on the internet
and it's going to be sick. Let's dive
in. Hello, OpenClaw agent running on my
Mac Mini. I want you to please search
the internet and find skills about
Blender. I want you to create a Blender
skill that allows you to control Blender
that is downloaded on my computer via
the Blender MCP. Search long and hard.
You should be able to control it. I want
you to wrap the MCP so that you can use
this as a skill, but I want you to be
able to control it. Figure out how to do
it. Make this skill. I'm about to
download Blender and then I will enable
the MCP. Run it locally on a port. I'll
let you know uh when I do that. Okay.
So, we're going to run this. Now, we're
going to go up to uh the internet. We're
going to say download Blender. Download
Blender. Install for MacOSS.
Bang. Okay, here it is. Now we can drag
it in there. Now, can we open it?
There's Blender downloaded on my
computer. Okay, now we have Blender
open. Let's go ahead and drag this down
a little bit. The agent's still
thinking. Okay, now it's responding on
it. Okay, so now all everything is
responding. Boom. There we go. Done.
Here's what I've built. Did you or did
you not download the Blender MCP in step
two? If not, please do it right now.
Concise. So, it says download Blender,
which we've done. Install the add-on,
which is this Blender MCP. I did
download it. Okay, it's saved to my
files. Now, if we go to edit,
preferences, we see Blender MCP. We'll
just enable that. Now, if we come over
to the side panel, we hit N, I believe.
There we go. We see Blender MCP connect
to MCP server running on port 9876.
Hi. Uh, we are running the server on
9876. Can you tell me if you see
anything? If you can, please make a
little green field with some trees on it
in Blender. Please make this.
Hey,
look at that.
It made some fields with some trees.
That's how easy it is to set up the
Blender MCP. Why does the view not show
colors? Please tell me how to change the
view or add color if there isn't color.
I forget how to use Blender. I'm just
going to I know that there's like a type
of view that shows color and a type of
view that shows these like polygons.
Wait, maybe it's object mode.
Okay. The viewport is in solid shading
mode which shows flat gray. Switch to
material preview. Okay, so now we're in
material preview and see we have this
little field here. And so we can say
make the field larger. Add some
mountains and please add some animals.
And now we're just using Blender with
Claudebot that's installed on my Mac
Mini. And then it can even send you a
screenshot. As you can see here, it
literally sent a screenshot. So I could
literally open up Telegram later, right?
I could be out doing whatever and I
could just like spin up Blender and
then, you know, I could use Blender and
it could message me screenshots of what
we're building, which is pretty cool.
Boom. There we go. So, it added some
mountains. It also Yeah, you can see
some animals here. Very, very cool.
Okay, I have a very specific project in
mind, and we're actually going to
download an asset from the internet to
help us get started. Okay, so I actually
just uh spent 20 minutes and found a Mac
Mini 3D model, a blend file on the
internet. I found it on the internet. I
bought it for 20 bucks and I've never
done this before. So, let's go ahead and
test this here. Um, okay. In my
downloads, let's actually go ahead and
uh let's hit new general. Let's not save
this. Let's make sure the MCP is still
running. Connect to MCP server. Okay, in
my downloads uh just recently
downloaded. I just purchased a Mac Mini
3D model. Can you please make that run
on port 9876? I created a completely new
project. Now it's just the cube. I want
to see the 3D model on my screen. Let me
know if I need to provide you with
anything else. I don't know how this
works.
Wait, what the What is happening? Whoa.
Am I inside a Mac Mini? Whoa.
Am I inside the Mac Mini? Let's go zoom
out. Let's see where we at. Oh, okay.
So, we got this Mac Mini. Why does it
feel like this is not like pushed inside
of it? Okay, this is pretty cool. So, we
do have this Mac Mini. So, again, my
goal is to create a landing page with a
custom red Mac Mini with the Open Claw
logo on the outside. So, I'm pretty sure
these are supposed to be named. None of
these layers are named. So, if we click
on Mac Mini01, we see that this surface
is just kind of like the whole outside
like I think. So, if we click M4, I
think if we click on this, I'm just
going to tell my Clawbot, can you please
make the whole Mac Mini red? It's the
layer or whatever it's called, M4001,
the part that's like gray. I want that
to be red. Like the most red red you
could ever make. Please change the color
to red.
Oh.
Oh my god. Okay. Wait. Slightly darker
red, please.
Okay. Okay, there we go. That's pretty
good. Okay, what I want to do is I want
to just get a screenshot of this little
guy. I'm going to just drag it into my
image generator. Going to actually add
this as a reference image. Uh make an
icon of the red claw uh red uh crab
exactly as is. I'm just going to
generate a ton of these. Actually, we
want to make sure that it is a square.
Oh yeah, this is fire. Let's go ahead
and copy this image. I'm just going to
say, can you please add a very, very
thin, almost like no thickness
whatsoever sheet, like a circle uh sheet
over the top of the Mac Mini on the same
layer that you just recolored. And I
want you to make this black and then add
a this sticker to it.
>> I'm actually just going to give it a
Google Drive link. So, I uploaded that
little sticker to Google Drive. We're
going to give it the Google Drive link
because my Claudebot actually has a
Google Drive integration because it has
this Apple logo on it. We want to get
rid of this Apple logo. We want to put a
sheet over it like a layer because this
does look like an engraving. I can't
select this apple. So, I want to create
a layer over the top and then we're
going to put the sticker on that layer
or the image as a sticker. I don't even
know if that's possible. I I don't know
if you can just put an image on it.
Maybe we need to convert it to some file
type. I don't know. But we'll see. What
the freak? Okay, it missed. Whoa, that
looks sick though. It looks sick. Yo,
you Okay, I'm just going to take a
screenshot here.
I'm going to drag it into Telegram. Yo,
homie, check this out. I want the circle
to be, let's say, 40% the size that it
is now. And please move it the proper
location.
Oh, there we go. That's what's up. Um,
that is great. Can you please make the
PNG bigger without making the um circle
bigger? Make the image of the crab
bigger by 3x.
Maybe it would look better without the
black circle. Maybe we should just make
the circle the same color. Like maybe we
should just Oh, wow. That's insane.
That's crazy, bro.
What? Let's go. Which layer am I
selecting here? Okay, the layer Mac Mini
M4024
is the the layer that has the text on it
uh which says Mac Mini. Instead, I want
it to say open claw. I don't know if
this will work, but this is looking
pretty damn good.
Okay. Oh, absolute fire. So, here is our
Mac Mini. If we rotate all the way
around, look at that open claw. Here we
go. So now what I'm going to do is I'm
going to say, "Please, can you export
this as a GB? We're going to use it on a
website. It's going to be sick." Okay,
so it says it's exported. I just wanted
to put it in my downloads. Done. It's in
the downloads. Amazing. Please, can you
have a product called Open Claw
Computer? Make it $1,500. Just make um
this Mac Mini big. And I want it to spin
slowly. I want to be able to click and
hold and move it around. So now we're
just going to tell our Clawbot to make a
landing page with this here Mac Mini
that we customized. It's the OpenClaw
computer. All right, look at this. So it
says it is live at localhost 8080. Okay.
So, let's go to localhost. Oh, come on.
Look at this. Let's go. No way. That's
crazy. The open claw computer. M4 chip,
64 GB. Oh my god. Let's go. Look at
that. The open claw computer. I don't
know how to use Blender and I don't know
how to code, but I got OpenClaw to
create a skill that allows us to use
Blender and then I had it put it in a
website and now I can say please uh
deploy it to Verscell and then send me
the public uh link I can use to share
with friends. Okay, so then it actually
just had me approve this. So it sent me
this link. I needed to hit allow and
then I just said done. Oh, look, it's
live. We can click on this app. We have
this link openclaw-computer.vercell.app
and bang, it's on the internet. We
created this. We're selling this open
claw computer. Check this out. This is
so sick. Bang. in the